Nandu, report to the headquarters.
Ask them to send a team here.
Immediately!
There's been a massacre here, Sir.
Time? It must have been 10pm.
I was in my bathroom
and I heard something.
Then?
The entire Bansal family has been
wiped out in one night.
No. Listen,
I saw it on TV this morning
and started feeling anxious.
This case is not as simple as it looks.
What do you think, Jatil?
We were shown the scene of
this entire murder a day prior.
Rajesh Chand Bansal.
Is a quite a ruthless man.
Guards didn't come to
know about it?
And Meera
very conveniently
discovers everything.
Meera Bansal.
Could there be any connection
to this incident?
It was Aarav. He killed them.
Geeta Vora.
She is behind all this.
What happened in
the Bansal family
that the karma wreaked
havoc on them?
The truth is what
is in front of you.
I will find the truth
one way or the other.
Remember that.
Guru Ma believes that
someone has done black magic
on the house.
She was the first one to see
what had happened here.
All this happened
on your watch.
And you couldn't do a thing.
I am stuck in a case
that I am working on.
Well, you are the one
who asked for the trouble.
Otherwise, we would have had
a great press conference by now.
The media would be praising us
and Netflix would be
making a movie too.
But you are a complicated man,
"Something else has
happened here".
It has happened.
The case was ready.
But no!
You want to make
a name for yourself.
You want to impress the boss.
I have had enough!
How did the murder weapon
reach Aarav?
Tell me, how did it reach him?
You find out.
It's your job, damn it!
I don't know what I am searching for.
Even if I find it,
who really cares about the truth?